1.When an event occurs the code will automatically triggered.If any values are updated the message will triggered to user automatically.
Using Triggers efficiency will increase.

2.To convert primitive datatypes into objects we use Wrapperclass.Collection work only with objects
and generics does not allow primitive types so we need to use wrapper classes

3.StringBuffer is synchronized and thread safe and performance is low.string builder is not synchronized and not threadsafe and performance is high.Both are mutable.

4.set and list Both are from java.util package,List can contain duplicate values and order is preserved where as set does not allow duplicates,order is not preserved

5.Checked exceptions are checked by compiler at runtime ex File not found exception.where as unchecked are not checked by compiler.checked exceptions are handled by using try-catch block.

6.Statement is used to execute sql queries we can not pass query dymanically at run time.It is used when we need to execute the query only once.
  Prepared Statement used to execute dynamic sql queries .We can pass parameters dymamically.It is used when we need to execute the query multiple times.

6.1.Javascript is a scripting languagewhich is based on ecma script and dom.Need lots of code
 jquery is library which is build on javascript.can write less code.It is efficient

6.2. var and let both used for variable declaration.
	var is used for global scope and it is accessible from anywhere in program
	let is used for block scope and it is not accessible from anywhere in program
6.2.3 id used to select to select elements with using(#) and id name
	Class selector used to select class with (.) and class name
7. A function used to calculate result using inputs.Afunction can called within statement
	A procedure performs certain task and it can not be called using function and sql query

8.Generics provides type safety while working with Collections to use specific type of objects.We can define object type in angular brackets

9.java7:Catching multiple exceptions using single catch,underscores in numericals,String in switch statement
	Java8:Lamda expressions,Functional interfaces,stream api,nashhorn javascript,Date api,For each method

10.State management is used to determine state of application.it ensures the changes made by user are stored in db.
    and also used to manage state of user using session.
11.Jsp tag library provides tags to insert java code using scriptlet tag, expression tag and declaration tag
   Jstl tags are core tags,function tags,formatting tags,sql tags,xml tags

12.MVC is a pattern which is used to divide application into model view and controller.Model contains entity classes,
	view is front end and controller manages flow and connection.	
13.We use @qualifier annotation to remove ambiguity to create which bean when two components are there with same name.

14.Shard is diving data horizontally where rows are kept separately.It is used to minimise data.Hibernate shards divided into 
	two types.1.Generalized sharding logic,2.Application specific sharding logic

15.Html5 and 6 features
	Integrating Camera,Video objects,Flexible image sizing,Hard authentication

16 Css selectors
	element selector<d>,id selector using #,class selector(.),Universal selector(*)

17 We can use jsp as controller

18 Spring is a light weight java framework provides loose coupling.Spring Ioc container used for loose coupling.

19. Ioc is inversion of control used to provide loose coupling between object dependancy.
	It injects objects at runtime whenever they needed
20.Spring used to create light weight application.There are 6 scopes used by spring-Singleton,
	prototype,request,session,application,web socket.Default scope of spring bean is singleton